I entered Alf and probably
From about 2 tour eyes
yeah
Because I think it's quartz 20
29 number to not say exactly
3 years to
It became topography, prefecture
goo
Yeah yeah yeah
I male and I was sound representation to put out of their own
Can you express it? Kids
By
Layered
It is easy to use
I to be Sneh was not that the idea to other Dora manufacturers
Numata hen egg rum is a great fun product or a great product
Of course, it made a boom stand Shi unbearable
I remember the great pedals of the iron cobra after a few minutes or a 5-minute bus or
Terribly exciting that even in that sense
I'm a company, and I will also find a job
Fish bach
Softening Hey really to be thought variety of course lineup of various color
I chose it freely
I didn't think about it just saying
There were various color lineups , so I was really lost but I really want to try it elsewhere
I thought a little bit
There was a bit of something to say when I told it a bit
There is a place where you can not get rid of something in yourself by all means
I wonder if trying to make to give racers
At that time that
I'll let you know when I hate the house where my soul's nectar was also taken care of
Oh
I think I did not think about frosting, so I was thinking about the stage bytes for a while
Beautiful to do even better to Kana and I'd thought Kachotto grateful sometimes hit the front
I Do not never done until now and Well But the rainy season
I was told that it would be scary or horrible if you had me make it
It was an expression
I 'm great I'm best in the middle commander
What is important as a driver N Bessho's not what it does not become complacent Kana ultimate
Speaking
So N band as of the day there but would be session session Darouga
that
Well if it says a session, it is really only one night
Also and other bread Continuing anxiety fin like in 12 years
It will
That in the
I wonder what
That moment
Make a story properly
How to train the message properly in words
It is still conductor-like how to take it away to be easy to convey
Drummer's being
I think I wonder what the standing position
It is difficult though
To say the ultimate thing
It's all
Now and now
Hi everyone should is held
this time
I got a new kit tama drum made in February
yeah
I think that in many places this sound will be heard more often by your eyes
But
I have just bought a cd by all means and now mountain climbers day and with all means
I would like you to type the key sound of the cat's egg drum
In the future, including the Dora Dora, I would like to thank you in the morning for the Hokusen.
me